Add guidance for sbom generation through arcade templates (#8450)
dotnet/arcade: Documentation/SBOMGenerationGuidance.md

relationships of various components used in building software. Physically, an SBOM is usually a
single file (such as .json) that captures this information about the software from the build. As
part of the requiements to be compliant with the Executive Order on Cyber Security, each repository
involved in the composition of .NET needs to produce and upload an SBOM for each job of their
official build that produces or modifies any assets. In this initial phase, we are focusing our
efforts to have 6.0 and 7.0 builds generate the SBOMs.

## Use with Arcade

As an initial phase for SBOM generation, Arcade provides [a new YAML
template](https://github.com/dotnet/arcade/tree/main/eng/common/templates/steps/generate-sbom.yml)
to encapsulate the creation and upload of the SBOM to the build's artifacts,
leveraging the [ADO SBOM generator
task](https://eng.ms/docs/cloud-ai-platform/devdiv/one-engineering-system-1es/1es-docs/secure-supply-chain/ado-sbom-generator).
This section describes how to integrate this template into your repo's official
build depending on your current usage of the YAML templates that Arcade
provides.

### Repositories using Arcade's job(s).yml templates

> If you are using the Arcade Job templates

Reviewer: I would specify arcade channels/versions that will be supporting this functionality here (6.0 and main)

Author: Added a blurb. Let me know if you think I should go more in depth.

          displayName: Windows Build / Publish
          
        - template: eng\common\templates\steps\generate-sbom.yml
```

Much of this template can be used as-is for most repositories, with defaults
based on the common arcade configurations. The template allows customization of
behavior via the following parameters:

- `PackageVersion`: Version that will be reported by the sbom. For repositories
  based on arcade's main branch, this should be "7.0", and "6.0" for .NET 6
  release branches. 
- `PackageName`: default is '.NET'. Contact @dotnet/dnceng if you think your
  repo should use a different name.
- `ManifestDirPath`: Determines where in the build agent the SBOM will be
  generated to, defaults to `$(Build.ArtifactStagingDirectory)/sbom`
- `BuildDropPath` : Determines the directory that the SBOM tooling will use to
  find build outputs. Defaults to $`(Build.SourcesDirectory)/artifacts` to match
  Arcade's convention. 
- `sbomContinueOnError`: By default the tasks are set up to not break the build
  and instead continue on error.

## Reviewing generated SBOMs for correctness

To verify that the functionality worked as expected in your repository:

> 1. The following steps should be added to every job that is using the templates:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The following steps should have been added to every job that is using the templates:
```

    - `Create SBOM output folder`: Creates the directory where the sbom will be
      stored in the build agent.
    - `Generate SBOM manifest`: calls the SBOM generator task to produce the
      SBOM.
    - `Publish generated SBOM`: Uploads the SBOM to the build's artifacts

1. In the build's artifacts, you should find a new artifact for every job that
   added these new steps. The artifacts will be named with a pattern of
   `<stage>_<job>_<sbom>`

<insert an example image here when the template gets checked in and we have an
official arcade build using it>

For each SBOM produced, you should download the spdx2.2/manifest.spdx.json file
to make sure all the build output and OSS (Open Source Software) dependencies
are captured in the manifest. 

- `Build outputs`: Thsese should be present in the `files` collection of the
  manifest. At this time, we are not concerned with the tooling overreporting
  the build outputs, but the SBOMs should be checked for missing output
  packages. 

- `Dependencies`: These should be present in the `packages` collection of the
  manifest, and use the same detection mechanism as the component governance
  tasks. 

> 

Reviewer: I'd add a bit here about verifying the product name and version.

Author: Added.
